---
layout:     post
title:      一月论文阅读
subtitle:   
date:       2020-1-31
author:     RJ
header-img: 
catalog: true
tags:
    - paper

---
<p id = "build"></p>
---

[Chinese Spelling Check Evaluation at SIGHAN Bake-off 2013](https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/W13-4406.pdf)

[A Joint Graph Model for Pinyin-to-Chinese Conversion with Typo Correction∗](https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/P14-1142.pdf)

## Abstract
In this paper, we propose a novel approach of constructing CSC corpus with automatically generated spelling errors, which are either visually or phonologically resembled characters, corresponding to the OCRand ASR-based methods, respectively.

## Automatic Data Generation
Spelling errors in Chinese are mainly caused by the misuse of visually or phonologically similar
characters (Chang, 1995; Liu et al., 2011; Yu and Li, 2014).

(形近) Errors of visually similar characters (henceforth V-style errors) are due to the prominence of character pairs visually similar to each other. The reason is that, Chinese, as a hieroglyph language, consists of more than sixty thousand characters2. They are constructed by a limited number of radicals and components3.

(音近) As for errors caused by the misuse of phonologically similar characters (henceforth P-style errors), we note that pronunciations of Chinese characters are usually defined by Pinyin, which consists of initials, finals, and tones4. According to Yang et al.(2012), there are only 398 syllables for thousands of characters in modern Chinese. As a result, there are many Chinese characters sharing similar pronunciation, which further leads to the prominence of P-style errors.

In the rest of this section, we describe how we generate these two types of errors in Section 2.1 and 2.2, respectively.